chore: change wording and move periods outside of links (#1703)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/integrations/webhooks/overview.mdx

Unlike typical APIs where you would need to poll for data very frequently to get it "real-time", webhooks only send data when there is an event to trigger the webhook. This makes webhooks seem "real-time", but it's important to note that they are asynchronous.

> For example, if you are onboarding a new user, you can't rely on the webhook delivery as part of that flow. Typically the delivery will happen quickly, but it's not guaranteed to be delivered immediately or at all. Webhooks are best used for things like sending a notification or updating a database, but not for synchronous flows where you need to know the webhook was delivered before moving on to the next step. If you need a synchronous flow, see the Onboarding Guide as one example of implementing that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you are onboarding a new user, you can't rely on the webhook delivery as part of that flow. Typically the delivery will happen quickly, but it's not guaranteed to be delivered immediately or at all. Webhooks are best used for things like sending a notification or updating a database, but not for synchronous flows where you need to know the webhook was delivered before moving on to the next step. If you need a synchronous flow, see the [onboarding guide](/docs/guides/add-onboarding-flow) for an example.
```
